Add "How to prevent particles from moving." (#1611)
glotzerlab/hoomd-blue: sphinx-doc/howto/prevent-particles-from-moving.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2009-2023 The Regents of the University of Michigan.
.. Part of HOOMD-blue, released under the BSD 3-Clause License.

How to prevent particles from moving
====================================

MD simulations
--------------

> To prevent a subset of particles from moving in MD simulations, omit those particles from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent a subset of particles from moving in MD simulations, omit the stationary particles from the
```

> To prevent a subset of particles from moving in MD simulations omit the stationary particles from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent a subset of particles from moving in MD simulations, omit the stationary particles from
```

Author: I reworded this in a different way to shorten and avoid the comma.

filter (or filters) that you provide to your integration method (or methods). For example:

.. literalinclude:: prevent-particles-from-moving-md.py
    :language: python

HPMC simulations
----------------

To prevent a subset of particles from moving in HPMC simulations:

> 1. Set the type of those particles to a type not used by particles that should move.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use different types for stationary particles and mobile particles.
```

> 2. Set the move sizes of that type to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the move sizes of the stationary type to 0.
```

> 3. Set the shape for that type accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the shape of the stationary type accordingly.
```
Is this third bullet necessary?

Author: No, it is not strictly necessary. I think it may help some of the more inexperienced users realize that they need to set the shape for all particle types.
